*What is Transpoint?*

Transpoint helps you convert a uniform background in an image or chart to transparency so that you when you insert it into a presentation slide or in your webpage, it takes the background color of the slide or page.

*How do I use this?*

Simple. Just open an image (most formats will work), use 'select color' (the dropper icon) to select the color you want removed, click on 'convert' and sit back and wait. Once the conversion is done, you can save using 'save' in the menu or toolbar.

*Why is png the only format in which I can save the file?*

Because png is a format that supports transparency in the image.

*What is 'convert and invert'?*

If you have a graph that consists of black lines on a white background. When you use convert, you are left with black lines on a transparent background. If your slide has a dark background, these lines may not be visible. In this situation, use 'convert and invert' to give you a result with white lines (the colors are inverted).

*I noticed that the final image is smaller then my original ...*

In default mode, the converted image size is restricted to maximum of 960 x 720 pixels. This will be sufficient for a usual presentation slide and saves you the work of resizing the image with another program. It also makes the processing faster because a large image can otherwise really take some time. However, if you donot want the image resized, you can select 'No resize' in the menu under 'size'. 

*The conversion is not good. Blobs of the white background are sticking around the black lines. What can I do?P

Go to 'threshold', change it to 'high' and convert again. If possible, use a higher quality image.

*The transparency extends into the chart lines, breaking them, what can I do?*

Change threshold to 'low' (see above). Again, if you have a better quality image, use it. 

*Are there any bugs in this application?*

You bet there are! But nothing is likely to break your system or cause any other problems. However, you please contact me (rajajs {at} gmail {dot} com) when you find any problems and I will attempt to fix them. 